Change requirements related to running tests against release commit (#206)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_requirements.rst

* MUST be published to `Ansible Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com>`_.
* SHOULD NOT contain any large objects (binaries) comparatively to the current Galaxy tarball size limit of 20 MB like, for example, package installers for testing purposes.
* SHOULD NOT contain any unnecessary files like, for example, temporary files created by development tools.

> * MUST only contain objects that follow the :ref:`licensing rules<Licensing>`_.

Reviewer: is this a typo?

Author: as i know this format is used to link external pages but the tests fail without this

Reviewer: okay then ;)

Reviewer 2: I think it should be either `:ref:` with double backticks and no underscore, or no `:ref:`, and then double backticks with single or double underscore.

Author: everything should be fine with the original version according to https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/references.html

If i remove the underscore, it returns:
```
Run rstcheck --report-level error *.rst
collection_requirements.rst:52: (ERROR/3) Unknown interpreted text role "ref".
Error! Issues detected.
Error: Process completed with exit code 1.
```

Reviewer 2: `:ref:` is Sphinx specific, so it won't work in standalone RST files that aren't processed by Sphinx. The latest version in this PR definitely works though, since it is generic RST.

  * Reviewers can block acceptance of a new collection if they don't agree with the ignores.txt entries.

* You MUST run CI against each of the "major versions" (2.10, 2.11, 2.12, etc) of ``ansible-base``/``ansible-core`` that the collection supports. (Usually the ``HEAD`` of the stable-xxx branches.)
* All CI tests MUST run against every pull request and SHOULD pass before merge.

> * At least sanity tests MUST run against a commit that releases the collection (if the collection has integration/unit tests, they SHOULD run too); if they don't pass, the collection will NOT be released.

Reviewer: +1

would it make sense to even specify which sanity tests to run? e.g. sanity tests of latest 2 stable branches?

> * At least sanity tests MUST run against a commit that releases the collection (if the collection has integration/unit tests, they SHOULD run too); if they don't pass, the collection will NOT be released.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* At least sanity tests MUST run against a commit that releases the collection; if they do not pass, the collection will NOT be released.. If the collection has integration/unit tests, they SHOULD run too; if they do not pass, the errors SHOULD be analyzed to decide whether they should block the release or not.
```

Author: LGTM, committed, thanks!

> * At least sanity tests MUST run against a commit that releases the collection; if they do not pass, the collection will NOT be released. If the collection has integration/unit tests, they SHOULD run too; if they do not pass, the errors SHOULD be analyzed to decide whether they should block the release or not.

Reviewer 3: Split into two bullet points 
* sanity
* unit/integration
